
Hi I'm AG,

I'm going to walking you through a demo of how Box cloud solutions
can help Bank of America improve there customer experience, speed up loan
application processing, and improve record management and accessibility all
while maintaining a strict level of security, compliance with privacy and
governance regulations expected of financial institutions such as Bank of
America.

First we will securely login to a newly created Box account on the Box Web
application which comes preloaded with files and tutorials to get you started
quickly.

Now let's take a look at what this will look like for a Bank of America
customer.

As you can see, with Box's white-label solution, Bank of America can offer
its customers personalized, familiar, and branded user experiences.

As a customer once I navigate to Bank of America's loan application portal
I can easily get the content I need and upload it directly to Box web
application.

This content is then immediately available for a loan officer to review.


Suppose the customer was not approved after the first submission. No problem.
They can submit another file and Box's api integration supports handling
versioning.

Box's powerful version control makes iterating and collaborating on the same
documents easy and compliant information governance policies.

We also understand that Bank of America has more concerns than just an excellent
user experience and enhancement of work processes, it has to be secure and
compliant.

Bank of America can feel at ease with this new loan application solution when
it comes to PCIDSS, FINRA governance regulations, GDPR with Boxes
SOC 1,2 & 3 audits, ISO 27001/27018 security key controls.

Box offers products for Security & Compliance such as Box Shield, Box
Governance, and Box Zones, to meet Bank of America's needs as a global
financial institution.


So what's going on behind the scenes, our demo utilizes Box's api integration
and developer tools such as the Box SDK for node.

As a developer who's personally passionate about good documentation I'm thankful
to be able to report that Box api and developer documentation is verbose,
accessible, and well maintained.

For this demo we primarily leveraged Box's simple yet powerful file management
API.

Please let me know if you have any further questions I'd be happy to help.
Thanks for watching:)
